Why do people eat upset when you straight edge? Because one, it's different than what most people do. By calling you out, they are declaring themselves in. Their self-conscious mammal brains sending them serotonin srmurge that makes them seek social comfort from others. We're not chimps, but we have chimp like impulses inside of us, and many of us allow those parts of us to reign.

It's in your best interest to be better again ethnan sorry and make sure the whole survives and take a serious look. I'm still working on how to convince people that the apocalypse is not going to save them, the best example k can find is of people committing mass suicide and other things which is really the same example that would give former Catholic me serious pause. It was like when I joined a frat, it had a lot of benefits, but it also had a cost, and I decide the benefits were outweighed bythe costs so I left.... Same thing with religion, odds are it's cause your parents chose it... But seriously are u the same religion of your parents, I don't do everything my parents do... The problem is the feeling of transcendent experience it's sad that those get attributed to religion. God is faceless and nameless.

Everytime I see some boyfriend flare up and puff his chest out at another guy steering "his" girlfriend away from another man, the Adidas sweatshirt fades away and all I see is a large simian  beating his furry hands against his chest as he tries.

When I see someone call someone out "why not?" Dude?bit means the little bonobo baring his teeth and looking around at his peers for approval. Monkeys wear their hearts on their sleeves. One social theory posits that we developed large brains so we could outwit each other. To play the game in princess Bride "no YOU take the cup" to further and further levels. Our frontal cortex allows us to plan ahead and reason, but we're still clambering over one another for the same things: social status, sex, and food.

Can we lay off and choose something else? I mean even a little bit? It's fine to chase that stuff when your bored but these things are largely empty…

what happens when you don’t agree with the methods people use to… the problem is if you want to make any change whatsoever you’re going to need power…

Findings a creative property, picking something and dedicating yourself to improvement, chase your dreams Most people can't stop pursuing these hibgs for half a second. If you don't have a calling in life yet, or are spending your time with your eyes open you're just swinging your way through the jungle without taking advantage of the full freedom life has offered you. The nice thing about this is that you have a chance at being different and probably more likely to end up happy.

People irrationally allow one part of the brain to dominate. Nymphos got caught in the sex loop. Obese folks pathetically oozing out of electric scooters and waggling their pudgy hands at the bread on the sheet. You dknMt have to condemn it. People can call be a dick "big boned" honestly our species needs to take a break. The best part about being straight edge... It puts journal life in ready mode. Maybe if you spent less tube running away from things, and facing them instead for 5 minutes a day.  If this makes you rage up, try to meditate, because really what's making you mad is a mammal urge to react against a member of an "out group" and you might as well be as smart as gronk who talks to Geico cavemen.

The reason I'm saying this is the following... Everyone knows what it takes to be a little better human being. Even those atheists who never went to church doesn't take lectures distracted by Catholic girl skirts to learn that temperance is a virtue. I think Christian's really fucked us over when they equated virtue with sacrifice.

Honestly virtues help EVERYBODY. No single human on this planet is isolated. And unless you have a Richard gfeynman propensity for fixing every electrical or mechanical problem under the sun you're current standard of living and way of life is dependant on the careers of 1,000s of other human beings. Odds are if other nations start failing you will too. It's the should we stop Hitler debate all over again. Better to band together too face the music together. I'd rather go out fighting for what I really love, if you don't have something you love. It can be social status food or sex... There's nothing intently wrong with those except that they are largely transient pleasures, the line between addiction and passion is very thin. Are you REALLY okay that that was your lady frosty ever, what if scientists in the future made frostys that tasted ten times better, are you really gonna pass that shit up?

I used to be one egotistical motherfucker I've Toffee it down done but still got a bit too go. Chalk it up to being labeled "gifted" in second grade and part of the every child gets a trophy movement in ateast seven different sports and Ezra curriculars, and being a part of the entitlement phase of millennials, plus just growing up with Facebook and in America. The cards were stacked heavily against me to not come out of puberty in full blown narcissus mode.

I used to think I was the shit. Maybe I did have a bit of a knack for standardized tests, but nothing to set me apart. I was never going to discover a differential geometry figure in my sleep or something nuts like that. But I didn't prevent me from an illusion that I was so much better than other people around me. And that every flaw was an incompetent.

Now I still have this feeling. Humans are incompetent and flawed. But I realize that I'm worse than average. It's something I'm working on. So it bothers me that I'm a shitty deplorable creature depending on other insecure mammals but at the same time needing them badly.

It's the trsnagest symbiosis. So I'd rather just help everyone else be better by showing them how I'm trying to get better. Maybe others will take the hint.

There are a lot of things I hate about human beings. But the absolute worst, is our insecurity that seeps into everything we do. Our heads self inflate with greater regularity than an emergency life vest. You're just one in 2 billion, and you got lucky because if you were born 200 years ago, you'd be sucking dick for coke 1,000 years ago and you'd be stoning women and children for no real reason. At all other than the fact that the fire chieftain said it might make the rain God pee on your crops so you could have a couple extra bowls of rice.

We have this conpelx largely implanted by religion that we are finished. That's a fucking lie. But also let's forget the idea that things are our fault. How the hell does that make any sense? I'm not afraid of being punished. I've never really had a problem with authority. If I thought a teacher was stupid I wouldn't listen to them.

Look at all the terrible things that have happened. People should have to prove to you why you do things. As a kid you get rewarded for listening to your parents and punished for not. Like pavlovian dogs we've allowed these beings who probably don't read or think critically about issues as much as us to determine our future. It's a natural part of evolution. People are born to set the rules, as kids we can see things anew, we haven't internalized all the biases of our parents. Bigoted old people bother the crap out of me. I mean yeah every human deserves to be treated well, but can they not fuck up the political process.

Government and society is inherently flawed because of something called reinforcing feedback loops: the success ey more successful and the poor get more poor. It takes miracles for the power to be reset. Usually war and revolution. But these two are mostly off the table. I don't see people starting wars as long as nukes are around (and if they did their aftermath wouldn't really leave much room for philosophizing) and I certainly don't see entitled and squishy millennials who have barely had to experience hardship getting up off their butts anytime soon. This new book I read described three basic types of neo-liberals: 1) people who cannot experience hardship of any kind and look for everything handed to them parasitic 2) self sufficient who have low empathy with a work hard to get where I did mindset and 3) people caught in a destructive loop. None of these types are going to get up and rap on uncle sam' shoulder anytime soon. They might whine on Facebook or use their free time to dance around in the streets for a while. Worst of all, most of the people who have the power and initiative to call senators, run for office, and start political groups, most of them are getting rich and making the system work for them and expecting others to pick up their own slack. This country seems a lot less free this way. So unless people drastically break the mold and act originally we're going to get business as usual.

This emans the people who we rail against are going to win. Unless we actually start backing up our talk with action. It's not even enough to sit back and just do what you want. The worst part about reading from books is that you get a new landscape. A more sobering version of what you see in TV instead of wildfires and bloody refugee children sobbing and drooling as bombshells, or even cops, fly overhead you learn about ocean acidification that is leading to the slow seeping of human. The realization. That the planet is close to a tipping point in 20 years that could send the climate ripping through 7 degree. Limate change, about insidious mechanisms of control that elites have been using for years that mean nothing for you is changing anytime soon, to realize that even though we have the largest energy per capitalism use of any other country we're slowly developing behavioral addictions that will erode our moral core with nothing to replace it. To realize that there is nobody out there who is going to stop the tragedy of the commons. I know I want the planet to be around for at least another 50 years because honestly I quite like the here.

It starts with people not shutting a book or unfriending somebody because there is a hint they disagree. That's running away from he problem, the fact is, if you donMt like it you can't run away because there's a whole country full of people who think just like them who are dumping particulate matter into YOUR airspace. It's not something we can ignore any longer. To be honest it would make me happy to just see less fake shit out in the world. This is a part of my manifesto. I have plenty others. But I'm not holding back. I recognize that maybe 90% of people who read this will disagree. There might be 10% of people who do agree. That's fine to. I didn't really even write this to convince anyone.

Someone I really admire used to say stuff like "Yeah I don't like that" and I would reply "it's okay no problem" to which she would say "oh I wasn't apologizing, I was just letting you know". We need more of this. Real scientists don't publish thoughts to prove their point, they safe other people to prove them wrong. If you can do that I'd be so grateful because I'm not cut out for this. I'm cut out for getting blazed on the couch, munching on peanut brittle, and playing call of duty. This activism stuff is a part time gig. Maybe it's because I want to live to 2040 to call of duty 10 in VR. Maybe part of it is because I want the unparalleled quality of life i've experienced for my friends and the great things about this rabble band of semi brainless Bros to cycle on and on and ateast make it to another planet.

Whatever reason you have stick close to it. There's too much pulling us in directions, systems that we play into daily. Facebook, buying unsustainable clothes. Whatever it is just go out, learn more, and do something. Find activities that you think are aligned with the larger sphere of humanity, broaden your sphere just a little bit, even if it's hard to think. Ehind yourself, your current significant there, and your top 20 friends. And realize that everyone is doing the same thing as you. And that so many of the things you enjoy and love about this planet... Art, that feeling of biting into that first all you can eat sushi... None of those are going to exist or are at least at stake in the next 100 years. This is a big lifetime. Maybe if I thought this century was going to be boring I'd sit back and just numb myself into the couch with opiates. But in every century incredible things happen.

18th century had the civil war and 19th century had freddieercury, the 21st? We're talking the ability to change the genetic code and what comes along with that, robots who can talk, creating world's that make trips to Cabo as fun as middle School geography class with aontone voice, and maybe even making it to other planets. Either all of the above, or death by thirst and dysentarybof millions of people, a war between China and the US (think it was scary to compete with the Chinese in grad school cs admissions? What happens when those skills get turned against our cyber security network? Trust me we want China on or side). This century won't be boring. Idk why millennials are complaining... A lot of people are just looking to "get by". I'm privileged. Maybe people really just want to try and get bread for tomorrow, but if you are going to a college hnuversitybit means you have enough free time in the side to get in on this action. I think this generation likes to consider themselves as adventurous. The problem is that most people would do more for a threesome than they would for the chance to start a company or do something that genuinely excited them and elts them play a bigger role. Even if your role is to leave a comment on this or respond, thank you for participating in something other than the Kindles entertainment that characterizes so much of the average civilized society.

I have a number of other reasons which are better in your own best interests to get up and.

Ateast you have a responsibility to get better. If you haven't gotten better in the last week, I mean that's up for you. One - the best way to

Trust me, I'm pretty disagreeable, I don't like helping myself unless I absolutely have to (sorry it's just kinda true) but in this circumstance I'm on my hands and knees spending

Virtues, my favorite to improve is knowledge, every trait helps humanity and yourself in some way. So I'll be doing my part to share the things I learn. Everyone I talk to says "oh yeah I should read more" well you don't have to. I'll do it for you and share the meat and potatoes with you so you can either start having fun, or spending your time on something worthwhile for others. I'm not trying to be a prophet here, I just think t's a bit of.

I'll also realize a how to be successful list from other people that I've catalogues over the years, basically distilling the thoughts of folks like Tim ferries, James altucher, doing a meta analysis of the meta analyses. Maybe lastly sharing my journey and my flaws with you. This is going to be a hub for thoughts but also stuff like this. Only because I think it's important. This is how I'm contributing. Spreading knowledge I learn and standing up and being a contraryian. Basically doing what I do best, being an annoying troll and talking back to my parents. I'm probably going to piss off a lot of people. I can live with that, there are people who are gonna think differently than me I'd love to hear their thoughts and engage them on Facebook live or something if they think that the world is completely fine, people should leave it up to typical tracks of success. But if this resonated at all with you, you know that something is up. Maybe you'll speak up to, I'd love to see what you can do. I'm bad at a lot of things, one of those is staying in one field of technical study long enough to get hired as an engineer, another is following directions, but maybe some people who are able to put up with the beauracracybof this system better than I can can leverage their position of power and technical expertise and knowledge and start maximizing the use of that wonderful talent. I want to see you shine. I'm basically Tony Robbins but with more of a fire under my ass and I'm not going to lie I'm being pretty selfish about it. If you want to see that to what are you doing?

I'm meditating an hour a day (to get control of my impulses and be a nicer person to those people around me)
I'm reading two hours a day

2 years ago this

I'll release and share more content about what I've found helpful in helping me enjoy my life better, given me better calrity about my position in the world, if you feel like things are exactly right, that you can't sit in church for longer than 5 minutes but are still listless and feel like life is pointless.

Note ai am not a doctor and these are largely options. In general I think hat anyone who says "this is the only way to think about things" is a total problen

Release my principal es list, release a list of my favorite online websites

My problem is how to get people to avoid nihilistic thinking and start investing in the future, coming up with game theory and culture incentives to supplement other religions to get the atheists onboard with saving the planet. Maybe your problem is trying to invent desalinated water most of all the best nice part about capitalism now is that you get rewarded for solving a large problem if not fiscally, socially. Leaders of non profits rake in hella dick and puss ;). Maybe you want to improve desalination by 10%. Maybe you have a small side project to help stop the waste of talented individuals by instilling underprivileged kids. There is no time to deal with dead weight that we create by putting kids into a system where they are surrounded by counter productive influences but still held to standards but kids who don't have to work an extra job. Maybe you can create a positive form of media that puts the focus on empowering people in low income communities and giving them a positive role model by showing them that there are people who care about them that society doesn't just turn a blind eye.

Whatever it is, let's sit here the idea that OBLY the people who are greedy motherfuckers can get rich and live happiky. Most people create a project they are passionate about. Don't have that something yet? That's okay, optimize locally, started spending time with your friends who are passionate maybe it will rub off, if you don't have friends maybe they can actually, find those things u Excel at and do more of them, maybe you'll etbso good, then find someone who you do believe in and work for them. The point is that it's an active process and yes it will require sacrifices. "Everybody wanna be a body builder but nobody wanna lift ko heavyass weights". Trust me, some adversities are good for you. And realize that you don't have to be so hard on yourself. If you've done ONE thing that wasn't just for you, you've already fulfilled your responsibility. I'm not gonna get madifbyou choose not to, but if you actually take care of yourself, u might find that it's pretty fun to be engaged with the world in a helping capacity.

Even if you're 18 and can't run for public office maybe you want to help. Maybe you realized that heavy doses of nicotine were making you semi depressed and want to share your recipe for quitting so that people who want to but are struggling can try and take the plunge (more on this later dm me if you want how a *ahem* friend of mine *couch cough* did it). The point is that there are a lot of ways to save the world. Most of them are fun, most of them and spoiler alert, Involve you getting off your ass  doing something with your life

Making wealth helps, but just picking one thing and using some time to work towards it, or of that's too altruistic, start with just improving yourself. Make yourself happier, studies show you'll not only gain more friends, you'll also be more successful. And once you're generous. Hungry girlfriend syndrome. Hungry girlfriends are kinda bitchy. Some whine, others snap, almost none want to compromise on plans. But full. So take care of yourself better godammit do less of the things that you know you shouldn't be doing, spend more time connecting with what makes you feel alive and full of purpose, fill up your cup. And then read this again. Maybe then you'll connect with something and actually want to make a life out of doing something for others instead of being a stupid chimp.

you’ll be working at something for a very long time…
