11.11
Good morning day! Man am I ready to tackle you! I don't however like waking up early and will try my best to add that to the list of possibilities. However, I also just know that I'm off the walls happy right now because of Tina. Just remember however that you must live by example and that actually pleasures typically die out and trap you. Any need more than the little that satisfies nature will grow without bound. I can feel it now. I want to cuddle with her, to feel her next to me. It is an addiction. Make it a worthwhile one. Make your improvements upon yourself today and become someone worthy of the love that you desire. Most of your life will be spent working. Work towards something that will energize you and spur you forward.
Today I really pushed myself forward through the difficulties and am so glad that I did. I ultimately learned a lot and I'm really.proving fast. I think it was so hard to push through but knowing that it will make me a better developer and that practicing against what is hard also makes you into a better person. Seneca and a walk in the sun was also a major highlight for me. I really feel blessed.
000
11.10
Today so many learnings. First of all I had a more rough morning with Tina because she didn't sleep and was stressed but honestly I admire how she was able to keep things together. I really had a negative reaction at first and it took me some time to just trust in her and be kind. It is definitely not my first reaction. So step one is to meditate more. Next however I had trouble working and I think that's because either I'm in work mode or I'm in play mode and I had trouble doing both, I think because maybe it is hard to focus when you just want to play. I really love spending time with my girlfriend and we have a lot of fun together but only when I feel I've earned the time. I think the biggest takeaway today is that all challenges are tests. And it's about the better person you come out the other side. Every decision provided the opportunity to be a quitter or someone who commits and plows through obstacles like they don't exist. I like plowing. Keep cultivating a character you admire and do not stop.
000
11.9
Okay, wow long and productive day. I spent most of the day working through and going back to some coding fundamentals. I finally settled tinto he node fundamentals of servers. It's really useful to me I think to be able to understand the basis of what's going on under the hood in these frameworks. I'm loving the coding even though it can be difficult to push through. I come out the other side much stronger person. Remember, your first app will be your most difficult and after that it will get much, much easier. I have had some more doubts about whether it is a good idea to go to CoEfficient or not.
Another really great thing that happened today was meeting with Stephen. It was so good to be talking with him. I can't believe he got into YC, I hope that he is happy. He seems to really enjoy talking with me, I'm glad I asked him questions and it was so cool to see his project for real. It is going to really make big moves and I wish at some point I could become a part of it. I really do want to be a part of the tech world more. I think that as long as I stay hungry and continue to develop my network things will work out well. Just remember to work out some sort of arrangement for yourself so you aren't desperate. Keep working hard and grinding and networking. You should also apply.

000
11.8
Yesterday it's okay man, you can't change it. Just be who you can today. Think about ways you can be better. How can we win. Remember your why. Why are you doing any of this? There are people out there who need your help. You need to do your part to assist them because any suffering you experience now is because people didn't work hard enough or smart enough to reduce your suffering. You consistently allowed yourself to fall into the crowd and Chase ordinary baubles. This is such a wasteful time. What do you want? What is your compelling future? Become your own hero. Do something that amazes you and try and become better. So that you just have yourself. What would your role models do? Do that. Until you are your own role model.
Meditation helps so much. Just learn from your mistakes and pay attention. Remember to just make time for that. 
You bounce back hard, and fast. Remember to stay hungry and keep after those things which are most important to you. Today I was a giver because I took care of my mental health and was able to be present and a positive force for my girlfriend. I spent my time learning skills. I learned today that I need to walk the fine line between gaining skills and knowledge on my own and bringing them to others. I also need to really do a better job of drawing the line between breaks and focus time. I really liked grinding things out with Tina and it put me in a much better mood. However, be smart and recognize exactly why it is people are all over you. Abide by nature's laws. Meditate and positive media. Seneca was such a good influence today. Will start it over again and stop and take notes and digest tomorrow.
I'm in bed and have been having an amazing time coding. I think that the sentences that have the best dialed down are just so cool. I am really loving this project and can't wait for the opportunity to be working in the future. Just so excited for this. Also realizing that I can live very simply. It does not really take much to delight me. Simple times out in nature with people I love. That's about it. I just want to say I have enough today. I feel like today I could die. And that is enough for me. Just dial down your pleasures and desires.
000
11.7
Such a massive day. Really realizing that on the grand scheme of things, patience and consistent efforts stand out far more. You really got confused today and put so much pressure on yourself and you literally exploded. It was one of the worst days you have ever had. Mistakes were not trusting your gut and buckling down, not being your best self, not following your plan. Remember that your plan is how you succeed. You deviate, you die.
You and Tina deserve big goals. People want to feel like the most important person, people want YOU to have the answers, people are looking to YOU to guide them. To tell them what to do. They want to know you are in it for them. There's so much importance to those people who matter. Family first. Family is everything. Remember to stick together and family will always be family. They are the most important thing. You ARE your family.
000
11.6
Yesterday a big win was just getting the skills I needed and coding for two hours. I think it's so important tokeep knocking out these goals.

000
11.5
Today I was a giver because I spent a lot of my time and energy and effort into making myself a better person. You constantly have to keep yourself sharp in this department. 
Today I learned that actions really do compound over time and that you may be impatient, but that your impatience can allow you to pour massive amounts of energy and time into making something happen in the world. I learned that emotions come and go, and that being able to harness and control your emotions is one of your top skills. Remember to choose goals that complement one another and to focus on what you have for the week. 
Remember how much you are constantly dying and just how far you might be transported at any moment. Live with that knowledge in the back of your head. There's no time to waste, seize your dream. 
Today I could have meditated, put together a better meal plan in advance. Tomorrow I will invest by finishing my homeworks.
It's nice to not have to rush the journal entries. I am a huge fan of coding and being able to look back and reflect. I think I've learned a lot about the importance of fundamentals, staying focus, harnessing your natural energy by channeling it. I do want to make an impact though and want to be more. Going to bed earlier is nice.

000
11.4
Damn how quickly the days go by. Today I was a giver because I was present with my girlfriend and spent a lot of the day giving her moral support. This relationship really does give me so much joy and comfort to know that it is really important for me to keep investing in it and keep being the type of person she would want to date. Today I learned that there are simply so many ways to be happy. You can be happy in all sorts of ways but everything does boil down to luck. You choose what you would like but ultimately they do come down to just preferences. I spent most of the day with people who I really admire and that made me feel so loved and cared for. I really want to give back to them. Depression is something we need to fight. Today I invested in my future by spending a lot of time on my body, and on my skills.
000
11.1
Carpal tunnel coming back, God that is scaring me. Realizing just how important it is to be consistent. You can never been too safe with that. Today I was a giver because I helped Ashley with her work. I was also a giver by sending kind words to Tina and giving advice to Jack. Today I learned that consistency over time really is what creates the conditions for good or for bad. With that in mind, I really need to find a way to make my carpal tunnel manageable. I invested in my future today by actually following my schedule, by looking up coding related things, by getting back into time tracking. 
000
10.30
This morning I'm so grateful to be pursuing self-actualization in a world where the marketing is so important. For that reason, I just can't wait until I can start to spend more and more of my time on a project of my own design. These goals will pull me forward. Just do the best you can do. I am however in need of direct focus.
Just so glad today for sticking to my schedule. I recognize that if you plan ahead and create time in advance by working hard you can spend it wisely. But only if you protect it and see every moment as valuable. I think that measuring and tracking my time is totally useful. Today I was so glad to finish my work and meet with Tina. All in all a pretty crazy day. I was a giver today by smiling at all those around me and by being my best self. I am so excited to continue this process of hacking and doing something each day towards solidifying these goals.
000
10.29
Today I was a giver because I put my attention towards how I succeed, and my success is everyone's success. I also was smiling at everyone around me and provided a major spark of energy. Today I learned that I am highly distractible if I don't exercise and that it's like a daily requirement at the very minimum. I also experienced creeping issues again of my wrist which I need to stay ten steps ahead of.
I used today to invest in my future by going to class and getting the signalling that other people want. I also went to the networking event which was intimidating me and I think that was a really good idea. I'm super excited to continue on this journey of learning to code. 
I also can't stop thinking about how I'm made for conversation and keeping things interesting.
000
10.28
This morning I'm thinking about my career and how I can improve that. But ultimately please remember how everything you have you never even asked for. It's all about increasing "security". But all you really want is growth and the ability to build cool tools. Those are the important aspects and other than that there's no real need or importance. Just remember to clear your head and enjoy your day!
Feels great to have woken up early today!
Today I was a giver because I kept my emotions in check and supported Tina. I was a giver because I donated my time to hack and give ideas, and because I was able to bring a smile to many faces.
Today I learned that people skills and knowledge of psychology is so important. If you can do both people and programming you are a lock because most people can't do both. Today I invested in the future by going out of my comfort zone, exposing myself to more members of the community, and spending time with my girlfriend.